"dummy"
"0","1","1. Prologue","Losaria and Arisa are two young elves who live in the woods. They are training tirelessly to one day become forest guardians.","Losaria and Arisa are training as forest guardians when suddenly a mysterious creature abducts Arisa.",""
"0","2","2. The Rescue","As the two young girls are training, a mysterious creature snatches Arisa away. Losaria chases after the creature to save Arisa.","Losaria catches up to the mysterious creature and tries to free Arisa.",""
"0","3","3. Determination","Losaria fights the mysterious creature with her last bit of strength in order to save the abducted Arisa.","Though Losaria defeats the creature and frees Arisa, she ends up getting captured herself. The creature flees with Losaria.",""
"1","1","1. A Beginning","Arisa has left the forest to rescue Losaria from the shade that abducted her.","On her search for Losaria, Arisa is attacked by shades. As their confrontation looms, a mysterious woman joins forces with Arisa.","Arisa and Erika defeat the shades, and then discuss what happened to Losaria."
"1","2","2. Dark Woods","Heartened by her encounter with Erika, Arisa is heading toward the Morning Star.","As Arisa moves toward the Morning Star, another shade attacks.","Arisa defeats the shade. Unsure of why she's being attacked, Arisa rushes toward the Morning Star."
"1","3","3. The Waif","Having defeated the shade, Arisa is continuing on toward the Morning Star.","Arisa encounters Luna, a girl who says she's on an adventure. The girl suddenly attempts to kill Arisa.","Arisa tries to explain the difference between life and death to Luna, who soon runs away."
"1","4","4. Black Dragon","Arisa has set aside her concern for Luna in order to keep searching for Losaria.","A mysterious knight defeats the shade that's attacking Arisa. There is a sudden disturbance, after which a black dragon appears.","Arisa manages to evade the dragon. A priestess who is uncannily familiar then appears."
"1","5","5. Best Friend","Having escaped the black dragon with the help of the priestess, Arisa has calmed down.","Nearing the Morning Star, Arisa encounters more shades. A mysterious researcher suddenly appears, and the two fight the shades together.","Arisa talks with Isabelle about what she experienced, and then hurries toward the Morning Star."
"1","6","6. Doppelganger","Isabelle has helped give Arisa the courage to continue on.","Another shade manifests, taking on the form of Arisa. The priestess reappears and soothes Arisa's shaken heart.","Arisa defeats the shade that was mimicking her. She then thinks back to when she met Eris long ago."
"1","7","7. A Memory","Arisa defeats the shade that mimicked her, and thinks back to when she was saved by Eris. She resolves to rescue Losaria in the same way.","As Arisa remembers her promise to Losaria, more shades appear. Eris rushes back to help Arisa.","Arisa is delighted that Eris has returned to help, but Eris seems to have no memory of any previous encounters. Seemingly overwhelmed by the situation, Eris flees."
"1","8","8. The Morning Star","Still unsure of how to interpret her last encounter with Eris, Arisa reaches the Morning Star.","At the Morning Star, Arisa is reunited with Losaria. She is stunned when Losaria boldly declares that her name is Nexus.","Arisa is astonished to see Losaria transform into Nexus, a seemingly unfeeling being who offers deliverance from suffering. The light from a portal engulfs Arisa."
"2","1","1. Orders","Erika is an attendant unwaveringly loyal to the princess that she serves.","The princess orders Erika to investigate Darkstone Castle, the place to which the vampire Urias was banished. As Erika and the princess are talking, a shade suddenly appears.","Having defeated the shade, Erika prepares to investigate Darkstone Castle. At the same time, she is reluctant to leave the princess's side."
"2","2","2. An Encounter","After repelling the shade, Erika has departed for Darkstone Castle at the princess's orders.","Erika finds that Urias has woken, and fights valiantly against this enemy of the crown.","Despite fighting well, Erika is overwhelmed by the pure might of Urias. While unconscious, she recalls happier days together with the princess. Upon waking, she sees that Urias has vanished, and then returns to her castle."
"2","3","3. Resonance","Concerned that the awakened Urias might harm the princess, Erika has decided to return to the castle.","On her way back to the castle, Erika hears the roars of shades, mixed with the shout of a girl. One shade mimics the girl and attacks Erika.","Now that the shades are defeated, Arisa tells how one of the creatures abducted her friend. Her story only strengthens Erika's resolve to defeat Urias."
"2","4","4. Bleak Knight","Moved by Arisa's tale, Erika has strengthened her resolve to defeat Urias.","Erika assists a knight from the army who's being attacked by the shades. He goes by the name Rowen, and seems familiar.","Rowen suggests that Urias might be interested in revenge. Concerned what might happen to the princess, Erika rushes back to her castle."
"2","5","5. The Cost","After gaining insight on Urias's motives from Rowen, Erika continues hurrying back to the castle to protect the princess.","Once the castle is finally in sight, a priestess named Eris appears. She informs Erika that the princess must be sacrificed to banish Urias again.","Erika is overwhelmed with joy at seeing the princess safe. The feeling lasts only a moment, as Erika learns that the princess must in fact be sacrificed to banish Urias."
"2","6","6. Unbendable Steel","Erika has faced the reality that Urias can only be banished at the cost of the princess's life.","Having vowed to defeat Urias, Erika sets out from the castle. A shade appears before her and mimics Erika's form.","Unfazed by the shade that took on her form, Erika advances toward Urias."
"2","7","7. Victor's Trail","Having vowed to protect the princess, Erika is leaving the castle to defeat the crown's adversary Urias.","No sooner does Erika discover that Urias has stormed the mausoleum than another shade appears and blocks her way.","Eris returns to inform Erika that Urias is heading to the Morning Star. Not quite sure what to make of the situation, Erika follows Urias in hopes of saving the princess."
"2","8","8. The Morning Star","Erika sees that Urias has already fled the mausoleum. Taking Eris's words at face value, she is preparing for a final battle with her adversary Urias.","Facing her adversary Urias again, Erika prepares to fight in defense of the princess and the crown.","As Erika and Urias battle, a being called Nexus appears. It claims to offer deliverance from suffering. The light from its portal engulfs Erika."
"3","1","1. Beloved","The researcher Isabelle agonizes over the fiancé she lost.","Despite her best efforts, Isabelle is unable to make headway in her research. As if to add insult to injury, a shade appears and attacks her.","Though she has defeated the shade, Isabelle's sadness and anguish remain."
"3","2","2. Insight","Unable to make headway in her research to resurrect the dead, Isabelle's thoughts turned to the one she lost.","Isabelle wanders absentmindedly until she ends up at the Sacred Hall. A priestess appears but only frustrates Isabelle further.","Upon hearing of a girl who can talk with the dead, Isabelle feels a glimmer of hope and heads south toward the forest."
"3","3","3. Life and Death","Having gained a glimmer of hope from speaking with Eris, Isabelle is heading south to the forest.","Isabelle meets Luna, the girl who can talk with the deceased. Their conversation soon comes to end when Luna attacks Isabelle.","Luna seems to imply that a vampire has been resurrected. Isabelle wonders if the vampire's blood could provide a hint in how to raise the dead."
"3","4","4. Reunion","Inspirited by Luna's mention of a living vampire, Isabelle is seeking new directions for her research into resurrecting the dead.","Just as the shades are attacking, Isabelle encounters the knight Rowen. She is overjoyed to be reunited with someone who was in the same squad as her fiancé.","Though Isabelle is ecstatic at the sudden reunion, Rowen seems quiet and detached. Soon after hearing Isabelle's dream, Rowen flees."
"3","5","5. Immortality","For all Isabelle's delight at being reunited with Rowen, Rowen remained aloof.","Isabelle discovers the vampire she was searching for. Seeing little else in the way of hope, she fights ruthlessly.","Urias bluntly informs Isabelle that vampires are unable to transcend death, and then leaves."
"3","6","6. Remembrance","Isabelle's hopes were crushed upon learning that vampires are unable to transcend death.","Back in her lab, Isabelle recalls when she received notice of her fiancé's death. As despair begins to engulf her, a shade suddenly appears.","Realizing that the Morning Star is likely connected with the shades, Isabelle decides to head toward it."
"3","7","7. Sun and Moon","Just when her hope was beginning to give way to despair, Isabelle realized the shades are connected to the Morning Star. She decided to investigate it in person.","Isabelle encounters a girl whose friend was abducted by a shade. Together Isabelle and the girl battle shades.","Feeling a combination of hope and jealousy toward Arisa, Isabelle continues toward the Morning Star."
"3","8","8. The Morning Star","Isabelle has reached the Morning Star. Recognizing the similarity between Arisa's plight and her own, she feels a mixture of jealousy and hope.","Isabelle learns that Rowen was the black dragon that killed her fiancé. She is unable to hide her anger or sorrow.","In front of Isabelle and Rowen a being called Nexus appears. It claims to offer deliverance from suffering. As the light from a portal begins to engulf Isabelle, she catches a glimpse of her fiancé on the other side."
"4","1","1. Shackles","Rowen is a knight haunted by secrets from his past.","Rowen wakes from a nightmare about his past. Before he can get his bearings, a shade attacks him.","Rowen worries that the shades might present a danger to his family, and prepares to depart for home."
"4","2","2. Runaway","Rowen has been living alone in the mountains, far from civilization. When one of the shades attacks him, he grows afraid for his family and prepares to head home.","One more shade appears, this time taking on the form of a girl. Rowen defends himself without hesitation.","Seeing that the creatures are able to change shape, Rowen grows more concerned about his family. He begins to hurry home, worrying all the while what danger he might present."
"4","3","3. Diversion","Seeing that the creatures are able to change shape, Rowen grew more worried than ever about the well-being of his family. He therefore decided to cast off his remaining doubt and advance.","Urias effortlessly obliterates the shades, and then attacks Rowen. Though Rowen has no desire to fight, he defends himself.","Urias senses that Rowen is not putting his all into the fight. Rowen realizes that Urias is a vampire."
"4","4","4. Atonement","Urias, the last of the vampires, declared Rowen an unworthy opponent. Self-doubt and self-recrimination began to consume Rowen.","Rowen sees a woman fighting shades. It is none other than Isabelle, the fiancée of his former squad mate Kyle. Rowen and Isabelle team up to fight the shades.","Isabelle tells Rowen she is researching a way to resurrect her fiancé from the dead. Rowen is unable to handle the guilt for what he has done to Isabelle, and flees."
"4","5","5. Resolve","Unable to bear Isabelle's obsession with her dead fiancé Kyle, Rowen decided to flee.","As Rowen attempts to shore up his courage and quit running, more shades stand in his way. A mysterious woman named Erika also jumps into the fray.","Seeing Erika battle dauntlessly to defend the princess, Rowen grows more determined to protect those he loves."
"4","6","6. The Fallen","Inspired by Erika's tireless battle for the princess, Rowen hardened his resolve to defend the ones he cares about most.","Rowen runs to the assistance of a girl surrounded by shades. He soon afterward discovers that his transformation into a dragon is triggered whenever he tries to protect someone.","The priestess Eris suddenly appears and tells Rowen that the Morning Star can provide an answer on how to remove his curse."
"4","7","7. A Curse","Rowen trusted Eris when she says that the Morning Star could help remove his curse. He is heading toward the Morning Star.","Rowen encounters a more powerful shade. His determination to fight transforms him into a dragon. Since there is no one else around, he decides not to resist.","After watching the black dragon topple the shade, Eris sneaks away."
"4","8","8. The Morning Star","Having reached the Morning Star, Rowen has come face-to-face with shades and transformed into a dragon again.","As Rowen returns to human form, he sees Isabelle before him. She realizes that it was Rowen who killed Kyle, and lunges at him.","While Rowen is attempting to speak with Isabelle, a being called Nexus appears. It claims to offer deliverance from suffering. Helpless to resist, Rowen and Isabelle are consumed by the light that a portal emits."
"5","1","1. Illusions","Luna is a girl who talks with the dead. She sees visions of her deceased parents.","While Luna is talking with her dead parents, a shade suddenly appears. She is furious that the creature invaded her private space and attacks it.","Luna manages to defeat the shade that appeared. Once she calms down, she prepares to go on an adventure with her parents."
"5","2","2. Ghosts","Luna has managed to defeat the shade that attacked while she was talking with her parents. She is going outside to have an adventure.","When Urias won't play on her terms, Luna gets annoyed. Luna's skeletal parents pique the interest of Urias, and he decides to fight.","Luna is annoyed at Urias for being a bad sport. She leaves him behind to find someone else who will take part in the adventure."
"5","3","3. Never Again","Annoyed that Urias won't play by her rules, Luna is searching for someone else to be part of her adventure.","Luna comes across Isabelle and decides to make her part of the adventure. She says that she's going to kill Isabelle, and then attacks.","Seeing that Isabelle is no different from Urias, Luna begins to sulk and runs away."
"5","4","4. False Knight","Luna wondered if there's something wrong with Isabelle, who refused to be part of her adventure.","A shade appears again, and transforms into human form. Luna decides to move on, but not before she has fun playing with it.","Disappointed that the shade succumbs so easily, Luna starts searching for someone else to take part in her adventure."
"5","5","5. Confrontation","Luna has left the shade behind, and is continuing on with her adventure.","Luna encounters a girl named Arisa. Luna tries to include Arisa in her adventure, but is frustrated when Arisa refuses to die.","Luna has long struggled to cope with the sadness of losing her parents. She feels that Arisa is unable to understand her, and runs away."
"5","6","6. Hints of Awareness","After refusing to be part of Luna's adventure, Arisa said a number of things that confused and upset Luna.","Upset by the shade mimicking her, Luna resolves to protect herself and fight it.","When the shade stirs feelings in Luna of the time her parents died, the girl's long-suppressed memories begin to return. In order to calm herself, Luna runs home."
"5","7","7. The Truth","Confused and angered by the words of the shade mimicking her, Luna has run home in an attempt to regain her calm.","As Eris tries to make Luna accept the reality of her situation, Luna grows furious at her intrusion.","As Luna's memories return, her illusions vanish. Eris tells Luna that she will be able to talk with her parents again if she goes to the Morning Star."
"5","8","8. The Morning Star","At the suggestion of Eris, Luna is heading toward the Morning Star. She hopes to talk with her parents there.","Luna reaches the Morning Star, but can't hear her parents' voices. When it seems like loneliness is about to overwhelm Luna, a shade appears before her.","Luna has lost her connection with her parents. In front of her appears Nexus, a being who claims to offer deliverance from suffering. Luna hears her parents' voices inside its light-emitting portal, and decides to enter."
"6","1","1. Awakening","Long ago, Urias was defeated by his rival and banished to a castle. Awakening from his long slumber, he realizes how much the world has changed.","Awakened from his slumber, Urias forcefully confronts an intruder who seems to know him.","After easily repelling the invader, Urias notices blood smeared onto this cheek. He prepares to depart into a changed world to seek a worthy opponent."
"6","2","2. Spirited Battle","After being awoken by an unfamiliar beast, Urias was suddenly attacked by a girl.","Urias pays little heed to Luna, the girl who's talking with invisible companions. She flies into a rage and attacks him.","Urias is impressed by Luna's strength in battle, and by fate's cruelty."
"6","3","3. Helpless","Urias witnessed Luna's great, immaterial power, and remarked on the cruelty of fate.","Urias has defeated countless shades when a knight called Rowen appears before him. Recognizing the knight's experience, Urias challenges him to a fight.","While balking at Rowen's refusal to fight in earnest, Urias learns that his rival Balthazar has died. He mourns for the loss."
"6","4","4. Yearning","Urias was disappointed with Rowen, who is strong but refuses to unleash his full power. He felt an acute sense of loss when he learned his old rival Balthazar has died.","Urias reflects back to spirited battles with his rival. Sighting a shade that looks different from the others that he's challenged, Urias feels a sense of hope and rushes into battle.","Urias feels little satisfaction after defeating a shade which does not hunger for battle or thirst for victory."
"6","5","5. Attachment","Urias could gain no satisfaction from defeating a shade which might be strong, but seemed to lack any will of its own.","Urias encounters a researcher who is seeking his power. Incensed by his attitude, she attacks him.","Urias bluntly informs the researcher that a vampire's blood can do nothing to resurrect the dead. At the same time, Urias recognizes something of his own plight in her."
"6","6","6. An Invitation","Isabelle insisted that she must resurrect someone from the dead. Urias too wished he could fight Balthazar one last time.","Urias feels alone in a world without worthy opponents. The priestess Eris appears and offers to fulfill his desires.","Urias expresses interest in the place where his wish could be fulfilled. He heads toward the Morning Star."
"6","7","7. Power","The death of his rival has left Urias feeling isolated. Urias is heading toward the Morning Star in hopes of finding a worthy opponent there.","Urias fights a shade that is mimicking his form. The experience of fighting himself proves a novel one.","Urias could not be defeated by the shade imitating him. This renews Urias's conviction that hunger for victory is what makes a worthy fighter."
"6","8","8. The Morning Star","The shade imitating Urias fared no better than all those that came before it. Urias has arrived at the Morning Star in search of a new opponent.","Urias finds himself pursued by Erika again. He sees this as proof that Erika's will is strong, and welcomes the challenge.","Urias is unable to hide his joy when he sees how much stronger Erika has become. Seeking a worthy opponent, he enters the portal that appeared together with the being called Nexus."
"7","1","1. Second Perspective","Eris has lost her memories, and is seeking liberation from the cruelty of the world.","A shade suddenly appears. Eris notices that it has the mark of the Morning Star on its body. Just then, her vision begins to go wild.","After repelling the shade, Eris has a vision of a stranger talking to her. Thinking that her memory is returning, she runs back to the Sacred Hall."
"7","2","2. Alpha and Omega","Eris had a vision of stranger talking to her. Thinking it was a memory, Eris hurried back to talk to the others in the Sacred Hall.","Returning to the Sacred Hall, Eris finds a double of herself waiting. While Eris is still reeling from the surprise, a shade attacks her.","The double states that the shades are fragments of sorrow, and that she seeks to liberate the world from despair. She directs Eris to the Morning Star."
"7","3","3. New Perspective","When Eris reached the Sacred Hall, she found a double of herself waiting there. The double told Eris to head to the Morning Star.","At the suggestion of the double, Eris heads toward the Morning Star. A shade soon blocks her way.","Eris has another vision of her double, this one set in the Royal Mausoleum."
"7","4","4. Twins","Eris is investigating a vision she saw. In the vision, her double was lurking in the Royal Mausoleum.","Venturing through the woods, Eris encounters a shade that is mimicking a young girl.","Eris defeats the shade that transformed into a girl. She is unable to contain her rage upon realizing the double has involved children in her plans."
"7","5","5. Aims of Liberation","Eris was attacked by a shade in the form of a girl. She is unable to hide her rage upon realizing that the double involved children in her plans.","The double seems to say that she hurts others in order to liberate them. Her ideas baffle Eris.","By destroying the world, the Morning Star will soon liberate mortals from despair. So says the double, who then flees."
"7","6","6. A Plea","The double has stated that by destroying the world, the Morning Star will liberate mortals from despair. Eris is bewildered by the double's way of thinking.","Eris is confounded about what the double said. A shade then appears, one different from all others up until now.","Eris manages to defeat another shade. She feels sure that the creatures can have no place in delivering mortals from suffering and despair"
"7","7","7. One-of-a-Kind","Sure that the shades could play no part in liberation, Eris is unable to understand the double's true motivation.","Eris hears a girl being attacked and rushes to save her. Although Eris has no memory of ever seeing the girl, she claims to have met Eris. Stifling her confusion, Eris fights one of the shades.","When Arisa expresses concern for Eris's wellbeing, Eris begins feeling overwhelmed. She begins doubting whether she is in fact a separate person from the double."
"7","8","8. The Morning Star","Eris arrived at the Morning Star. She has grown more confused than ever upon learning that the double is in possession of her lost memories.","When the double declares that annihilation is salvation, Eris decides that it's time for a final showdown.","The double unleashes a light that pierces Eris. Following this, Eris becomes one again and regains her memories. A portal then opens in the Morning Star, and Eris bathes in its light. Her wish has come true."